I want to add dates and they have her let's bring in another Iron Road and I'll have my dates sit next
to each other so I'll add size as I am free.
Your offset stays at free and all.
Give us a label of from and instead of ion input I use iron date time.
Now I already mentioned that I would want to do them figured this in more detail than I did before it.
Because if you checked your visual ionic framework docs would show we've done a couple of times both
of course because they're really useful.
If you go to your components reference there and you have a look at the eye and daytime you can read
a lot about it and it's definitely worth reading that to make sure that you're using this component
in exactly the way you want to use it.
Here you can learn all about the different data formats it supports and how you can configured it and
it will use some of these features in our component here.
So on this I in daytime here I want to set my own display format with the display dash format attribute
here and I want to start with the written month which is encoded with free capital Ms.
And you can learn all about that formatting here in these stocks.
So free capital Ms.
Start with the month that is written out or that is actually written as text but then shortened.
That is what we start with that I want to have the day two digits and then the full year with four digits.
That's display format the display format is what's displayed when we're not having the picture opened
for the picture we can set a separate format.
So for that spinner that opens when we tap the picker and there I want to have a different format where
we have a shorter year and that comes first.
Then we have the month and then we have days and this is also there to showcase to you how you can configure
that.
Now I also want to set a mint and a maximum date and of course that now depends on the place we picked
the minimum date should be the minimum date the place gives us.
So if a place is available from January 1st to May the 30 first well then I want to make sure that the
minimum date for this from picker is our minimum date of the offered place and the maximum date is the
maximum date of the offered place and I'm not setting a maximum of December thirty first in 2025 if
the place isn't available there.
So we'll have two blind men and Max dynamically here.
I'll come back to what we bind them later I'll also add and you model here and energy model right now
is added like this but I will later changed his because we'll actually add a mode where we pre select
dates if you chose random dates and that actually sheet and therefore we might actually initialize this
with a default value here.
Now of course we all see that date and that could be date from but you can choose whatever you want
and it should be required.
And yep that looks good to me.
Of course I don't just need one such date I will copy that instead because I need a second date picker
for the Q date and here we need no offset because it will set next to the from date the display format
and the picture format is the same.
Min and max now however are different or minutes different.
Max is the same.
It's the maximum date of the place we picked but min of course has to be the date we picked here because
if I start at January the 10th then I can't pick a ending date that is before that date.
So here I want to get access to my control and therefore I can add a local reference to the first day
time which I'll name start date control and you can name it whatever you want it has set as equal to
energy model to get access to this object angular creates behind the scenes and now we can use to start
date control here to dynamically bind the mandate and I'll bind it to start date control thought value
because the value I pick the first picker as at the starting date is the minimum date here at.
Yes that's technically allows for one day states without any night in between.
But I will keep it like this.
Obviously you could add extra complexity and add some code in your types could file to calculate a new
date which is the date picked in the first day time plus one day.
But that is not really about ionic it's just a vanilla typescript javascript angular logic and therefore
not what I want to focus on here.
Instead a robber show you different features of different parts of ionic so we have that mean value
bound will bind Max later.
The name here should be date 2.
And of course this is also required.
Now some buttons would be nice and actually I have my book button here already.
I'll just expand this to be a block style button to take to full with and I will added it my grid here
into a row where I will use the same sizing as I do on the other rows.
So size s and 6 offset s and free.
I'll add that down here and now it is I in column here.
We can add this button however I'll not call on book place up when I click anymore.
Instead this button should submit the form.
Therefore I'll set the type of this button to submit
looks good to me.
Now if a button with the form but this will not work because we're not binding min and max on our dates
yet.
So let's do that next and let's make sure that we generally finish up this book a place page.